Dear friends, I am
receive a message from a friend who
does not exactly remember her name now
and she asked me to show how
working with 88 dalton spout per
while she has but she does not know
working with this alley then the beak is
this here
he does two jobs in one piece
from above is the shape of a cherry
bottom
It's like a petal I 'm going to be.
fitting in there to my mother of confectionery
I'll do the little jobs here.
so here I put a shape and I go
Try to do it with a hand, it's just you.
have so many options to work with
it both up and down
So I'm going to make it like this.
right up the top to turn stone
the leaf will be kind of difficult because
When is she going to slip a little?
can do this drape or
this format here entangled him as
I told you it's going to be a little bit
Difficult for now, I'm holding my hand.
but I think it will give to you
understand a little bit now I 'm going to turn
this bottom part that I'm now going to turn
She's so down, you can both.
work drap walking as you wanted here
you should also on the edge of the cake stands
very beautiful
the frill
So
zig zag is not very cool here
I'll just drape it for us.
so that's how it goes with us
have to get him to put it on the sleeve there
who work with him to see what he
will it come out that if you want
work with him on the side
You can work it on the side.
the ball in that direction to turn off
zague and here comes with the other by
top
so it gets very interesting
for you to see
So I hope you have
liked
As the beak said, it is for him in the hand of
confetti and work there to see what
will leave there
I hope you have enjoyed it and even
next video